## Hyperspace Parachain

This crates adds support for parachains to hyperspace relayer.

### Configuration

The [`ParachainClientConfig`](/hyperspace/parachain/src/lib.rs#L133) contains all the parameters required to create a parachain client:  

- `name` - A string that can be used to identify the parachain.

- `para_id` - The parachain Id.

- `parachain_rpc_url` - A web socket url that connects to the parachain rpc node.

- `relay_chain_rpc_url` - A web socket url that connects to the relaychain rpc node.

- `client_id` - An optional ClientId.

- `connection_id` - An optional connection Id.

- `beefy_activation_block` - The beefy activation block, should be defined if using the beefy finality protocol.

- `commitment_prefix` - UTF8 string bytes that represent the connection prefix.

- `private_key` - The private key for signing transactions. 

- `ss58_version` - Parachain's ss58 version number as specified in the ss58 registry. 

- `channel_whitelist` - A list of channel and ports to relay packets from and to. 

- `finality_protocol` - The finality protocol for this parachain is using, could be either beefy or grandpa. 

- `key_type` - The digital signature scheme for the private key used, one of `ecdsa`, `sr25519`, `ed25519`.

The [`ParachainClient`](/hyperspace/parachain/src/lib.rs#L65) implements the `Chain` trait alongside all required traits.  
The parachain client can be generated from the config by calling `ParachainClient::<DefaultConfig>::new(config).await?`.


### Runtime Metadata

The parachain client depends on autogenerated runtime metadata by subxt codegen both for the relaychain and parachain runtimes.  
The recommended approach is to generate these types from live nodes of both chains by using the  build script which is enabled using the  
feature flag `build-metadata-from-ws`, if running the build script is not desired, then the types can be statically generated and written  
to `utils/subxt/generated/src/parachain.rs` and `utils/subxt/generated/src/rococo.rs` for the parachain and relay chain respectively.  

### AssetId and Subxt Config

The [`IbcApiClient`] is generic over the `AssetId`, to satisfy this constraint, the `AssetId` for a chain is passed as an  
associated type to the implementor of the [`Config`](/hyperspace/parachain/src/config.rs#L12) trait which has a bound of [`subxt::Config`](https://docs.rs/subxt/0.24.0/subxt/config/trait.Config.html).   
The `ParachainClient` is generic over a type `T` which implements this `Config` trait, this trait provides a means  
to use custom extrinsic parameters when submitting transactions since different parachain runtimes can have different signed extras.







